what jimmy fallon and james corden
taught me about marking have you ever
watched james corden late night show or
jimmy fallon's well they both have
something in common can you guess what
it is
well leave a comment below letting me
know what you think it is
and just think about it for a minute
all right are you ready to know
well they both produce entertaining
content that content tends to go viral
why because people like being
entertained by mind-numbing content and
i'm not trying to talk trash i love
their condo heck i'm a regular watcher
here's an example of jimmy fallon doing
tick tock dances with shakira just watch
this clip
it's so entertaining that the video
generated over 4.5 million views or
check out this episode of carpool
karaoke where james sings in the card
with celebrities like sia
it has a whopping 148 million views you
can see sia sing other people's songs or
even holding up tons of eggs in our
hands sounds silly but it generates
views now i'm not saying that you should
create entertaining content just for the
sake of views but you should generate
content that's related to your ideal
customer and the products and services
that you offer and at the same time mix
in entertainment that makes sense and is
related to your content so that it'll do
better it sounds cheesy but it works
just think about the type of content
that you spend most your time consuming
i'm on instagram all the time i watch
people shuffling i watch them doing
funny stuff and pranks now for me if i'm
doing marketing a lot of times i'll
integrate experimentation in there just
like a lot of times people watch science
experiments on instagram right like
where they're watching people like oh
what happens when you put mentos into
coke right that's an example of
experimentation so a lot of times with
my marketing
i'll try to bring in experiments because
it makes it more entertaining or
sometimes from instagram and tik tok i
learned that people slide in different
screens and animations to make the
videos more attention grabbing so people
continue watching the rest of the video
i've taken those concepts and i've added
it to my videos all these things work so
learn from some of the most entertaining
content out there it'll give you ideas
on how to make your content better if
you need help with your social media
content or just your content in general
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
other people about it and if you have
any questions leave a comment below i'm
here to help thank you for your time